[Doc] Clarify the transitive dependencies document (#9652)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/Controlling-Dependencies-Behavior.md

MSBuild recognizes a [few types of references](https://learn.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2015/msbuild/common-msbuild-project-items) (here we are mainly interested in `ProjectReference`, `PackageReference`, `Reference` aka assembly reference) and offers optional mechanisms to tailor some aspects of the references workings - transitive references resolution, multitargeted references resolution, copying references to output directory.

## Access to transitive dependencies

> Following sections will describe details of transitive dependencies accessibility for `ProjectReference`, `PackageReference` and `Reference`. To summarize the content: Projects requiring access to particular dependency (project, package or assembly) should allways explicitly declare the required dependency (via the appropriate item). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following sections will describe details of transitive dependencies accessibility for `ProjectReference`, `PackageReference` and `Reference`. To summarize the content: Projects requiring access to particular dependency (project, package or assembly) should always explicitly declare the required dependency (via the appropriate item). 
```

**Notes:**
   `PrivateAssets` metadatum (and it's counterparts `IncludeAssets` and `ExcludeAssets`) is applicable to `PackageReference` and controls exposure of dependencies to the consuming projects, not the current project. It is currently not possible to prevent access to package references from within directly referencing project - this is purely decision of the package itself (as it can define it's dependencies as `PrivateAssets`).

## Access to transitive assembly references

> `Reference` (AKA assemly reference) referenced by a project is not transitively accessible from projects referncing the said directly referencing project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Reference` (AKA assembly reference) referenced by a project is not transitively accessible from projects referencing the said directly referencing project:
```
